Specify Default roll up in aggregation table (#13467)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/functions/rollup.md

| Parameter  | Description                                                                                                     |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `<AGGREGATOR>` | Can be `sum`, `min`, `max`, `count`, or `avg` and defines how data points are aggregated within a given time interval. The 'default' aggregation is 'avg'.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<AGGREGATOR>` | Can be `sum`, `min`, `max`, `count`, or `avg` and defines how data points are aggregated within a given time interval. By default, the aggregation is 'avg'.  |
```
